Analytics Node Next (#3967)
segmentio/segment-docs: src/connections/sources/catalog/libraries/server/node/migration.md

If you're using the [classic version of Analytics Node.js](/docs/connections/sources/catalog/libraries/server/node/classic), follow these steps to upgrade to the [latest version of Analytics Node.js](/connections/sources/catalog/libraries/server/node/). 

1. Change the named imports.

    <br> Before:
    ```javascript  
    import Analytics from 'analytics-node'
    ```

    After:
    ```javascript
    import { Analytics } from '@segment/analytics-node'
    ```
2. Change instantiation to have an object as the first argument.

    <br> Before:
    ```javascript  
    var analytics = new Analytics('YOUR_WRITE_KEY');
    ```

    After:
    ```javascript
    const analytics = new Analytics({ writeKey: '<YOUR_WRITE_KEY>' })
    ```
3. Change flushing to [graceful shutdown](/docs/connections/sources/catalog/libraries/server/node/#graceful-shutdown). 

     <br> Before:
    ```javascript  
    await analytics.flush(function(err, batch) {
        console.log('Flushed, and now this program can exit!');
    });
    ```

    After:
    ```javascript
    await analytics.closeAndFlush()
    ```

> ### Differences to note between the classic and updated version     

Author: ```suggestion
### Key differences between the classic and updated version     
```
